Don't come here
OK
I used to
As long as you don't harm the information
Kneel down for me
Zhu Yaru
Miss Zhou
You are a wealthy daughter
Young and beautiful
There are still great years to enjoy
Please don't do anything stupid.
As long as you let yourself go
I can ignore the previous matter.
I have known Brother Yanchen for so many years
I am the one who knows him best
He won't let me go.
Since I'm doomed to die
Then I'll pull you into this little cigarette to pad my back
No.
I promise.
I promise as long as you're in a good mood
Wei Yanchen will never trouble you
You are still Miss Zhou family
Pamper yourself on high
In addition
In addition, I can give you anything you want.
I beg you grandson
You can give me anything I want
I swear I can stand up
Hahahahahaha
I want you dead.
I guess you're right.
I am indeed a rich daughter
If I make a mistake, my family will protect me
But you
Only one
If you live, you will never see me in front of you.
You can get what I want
I'll count to three.
As long as you move slowly
Just slash him in the face
Don't be paralyzed don't
Ah!
Don't go procrastinate
I have flowers around my neck.
Ah!
Mom no more
Wife
Ah!
Don't worry about me in a hurry